The color table contains the following columns:
	idstores the unique ID for each color.
	name stores the name of the color.
	extra_fee stores the extra charge (if any) added for clothing ordered in this color.
	
In the customer table, you'll find the following columns:

	id stores customer IDs.
	first_name stores the customer's first name.
	last_name stores the customer's last name.
	favorite_color_idstores the ID of the customer's favorite color (references the color table).

The category table contains these columns:
	id stores the unique ID for each category.
	name stores the name of the category.
	parent_id stores the ID of the main category for this category (if it's a subcategory). If this value is NULL, it denotes that this category is a main category. Note: Values are related to those in the id column in this table.

The clothing table stores data in the following columns:
	id stores the unique ID for each item.
	name stores the name of that item.
	size stores the size of that clothing: S, M, L, XL, 2XL, or 3XL.
	price stores the item's price.
	color_id stores the item's color (references the color table).
	category_id stores the item's category (references the category table).

The clothing_order table contains the following columns:
	id stores the unique order ID.
	customer_id stores the ID of the customer ordering the clothes (references the customer table).
	clothing_id stores the ID of the item ordered (references the clothing table).
	items stores how many of that clothing item the customer ordered.
	order_date stores the date of the order.


1. Create Tables

2. List All Clothing Items
Display the name of clothing items (name the column clothes), their color (name the column color), and the last name and first name of the customer(s) who bought this apparel in 
their favorite color. Sort rows according to color, in ascending order.

3. Get All Non-Buying Customers
Select the last name and first name of customers and the name of their favorite color for customers with no purchases.

4. Select All Main Categories and Their Subcategories
Select the name of the main categories (which have a NULL in the parent_id column) and the name of their direct subcategory (if one exists). Name the first column category 
and the second column subcategory.


